System Calls:

It act as interface between the user space and kernel. Command Line Interface are present in the User Space, if run mkdir Mohan command from 
command Prompt, then the system call will be created and it connects to the file management of Kernel and it create the Mohan folder.

Different Categories of System calls:
1) Process Control, File Management, Device Management, Information Management, Communication Management.

Process Control or Process Management:
Once we run the program in the system, a process will be created and id is allocated to the process. the name of the ID is PID.

1) Different functions in the process control:
   1) fork(): It will create the new process
   2) exit(): It will terminate the already existing process
   3) wait(): If there are two process, then what it will do it waits for child process to complete then it will pick parent process.
   4) exec(): It won't change the PID but the content of code will be changed completely.
   5) kill(): It is used to kill the process abruptly, which means in the exit() it will terminate the process along with deallocate the memory
              but if we run the kill command then it won't deallocate memory instead it will terminate abruptly.
              
Example for Kill command: We are having the PID of 3851, we can perform below actions using kill command.
kill 3851 -> Properly terminates the running the process
kill -9 3851 -> Abruptly terminates the running process
kill -2 3851 -> Passes a keyboard interrupt to the running process
kill -l -> Lists all the available signals that can be passed to kill command.
   
Note: System calls are implemented in C.Linux provides wrapper to functions which are implemented in c

2) File Management:
System calls():
open() -> To open the file
read() -> To read the file
write() -> To write on the file
close() -> To close the file
create() -> To create the file.

What is file: A file is piece of data than can be stored in the disk.
To open the file : cat filename(open, read calls will be called)
To change the ownership of file: chown mohan filename
To change read/write access of the file: chmod -w filename

3) Device Management:
    Device management system calls provides system calls to access the devices like CPU, Keybord, Mouse, USB drive, memory
    read(), attach(), detach()
    
4) Information Management: OS stores lot of information, information management systems calls are used to fetch below details.
    * Date & time
    * free space on the disk
    * allocated and free memory
    * os version
    * process -> pid & ppid
   few functions used: getPid(), getPPid()
   
5) Communication management:
  pipe(), shm-open(), mmap()
    
